Deprecation of WebappEventListener (#209)
BSI-Business-Systems-Integration-AG/org.eclipse.scout.docs: docs/modules/migration/partials/migration-guide-24.1.adoc

Now when building your application, this should result in two `.war` files that can be deployed to an application server.
As mentioned before, this might not be supported anymore in a future release of Scout.

=== Deprecation of WebappEventListener

`org.eclipse.scout.rt.server.commons.WebappEventListener` was responsible for the following tasks when the servlet context was initialized/destroyed:

* Starting/stopping the Scout plattform
* Setting context path to PlatformIdentifier
* Registering the servlet context as accessible bean (`ServletContext`)

> Two first task remains, the other two were removed (see next two sections).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first task remains, the other two were removed (see next two sections).
```

`WebappEventListener` is still available and might be used for legacy applications running within an application server (see <<migration-guide-24-1-jetty-removal-of-war-modules>>),

> but its marked as deprecated and might be removed in a future release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but it is marked as deprecated and might be removed in a future release.
```
